hey folks welcome back at the air con
taxes show I'm talking to John smear AK
Peugeot I will try to shut up G done
what's on your mom find hey Eric oh do
we have no video from John no oh he's
there he's there yeah I can see me on
here you can't join you have I I can see
you and hear you what's on your mind
okay great well I got a piece at stream
org that I think might be of interest to
your listeners it's called short of
another Great Awakening America may
split up or worse and this is my
response to I bet a lot of your
listeners have heard that there's a
conference scheduled at Harvard that was
announced by an article in Harvard
magazine and another article in Harvard
Law Review they want to ban
homeschooling they want to presumptively
ban homeschooling make it something that
is illegal on the face of it and you
have to request special permission from
the government for the right to teach
your own children otherwise you have to
send them to a government certified or
government-run school and the reason
they give it's really interesting it's
that home schoolers might be abused
because there's no one to see if they're
being hid and then not really socialized
but then they get to the real reason to
put most of the emphasis on this home
schoolers are often homeschooled because
their parents want to teach them their
own worldview and their own religion and
not have them subjected you know seven
hours a day to the official ideologies
of the government where they happen to
live which controls the school board
none you know you know that my
unacceptable my head has exploded five
times since you began talking this makes
me so angry I want my audience to
understand if they understand nothing
folks listen carefully folks we are a
republic we are self-governing we have
the right to teach our kids listen
carefully anything we want
we are the parents we can teach our kids
stupid things I can teach my kids that
Greeks are better than other people I
can teach my kids that the Bible is true
I can teach my kids to respect their
elders I have the right to teach my kids
whatever I like now you say our arteries
of course there are boundaries if I
teach my kid go get a gun and kill
people no but what John what you are
talking about undermines the very basis
of self-government and a family it is
wicked I just have to say this it is
absolutely wicked it's what you find in
places like China and North Korea god
forbid this is happening in America well
Eric I have to point out it's what you
find in Germany and Sweden - in Western
most of Western Europe home schooling is
illegal and parents have lost custody of
their children
so when Barack Obama and Joe Biden
talked about America becoming a normal
country they meant countries like
Western Europe where elites control what
the kids learn and parents don't have
the right to pass their beliefs along um
one of the experts who's speaking at the
Harvard conference said this idea of
parental rights people don't understand
this is simply something that the
government delegates to the parents and
it can revoke it at any time I just
can't tell you there's so much wrong
with this but the reason it's it's
insane is that we have come so far from
where we were as a country where
everyone understood these things that we
now actually have to talk about it I
mean this would be like talking about
you know is it okay to kill people in
the street let's discuss it let's have a
symposium I mean everybody knows you
don't really have to talk about it
everyone knows it's wrong what we're
talking about now everyone used to know
that parents had the right to teach the
kids whatever they wanted because
they're the parents and that we would
lend
the government the time to teach our
kids we would pay taxes to pay the
school teacher to teach our kids because
maybe we didn't have the time to do that
or the education to do that but it was
in loco parentis and the idea that this
is happening is wicked hard I lose by
the way our gonna take over the world
because they are the smartest best
educated kids I have ever met I travel
around the country I'm stunned by how
smart and how capable most of them are
Eric I need to give a little historical
background not a lot of people know this
but if there's a fantastic book called
official lies which is sort of a
libertarian book about the various ways
that the government has lied to us over
the centuries in American history the
public school system was set up
intentionally by social gospel
progressive ultra liberal Christians you
know the kind who really didn't
necessarily believe in the resurrection
or any of the miracles of the divinity
of Christ but they thought Christian
ethics were wonderful as they
interpreted them they it was people like
that like Horace Mann and his associates
who created the public school system and
if you read their correspondence to each
other the explicit reason they want a
public school system was to cure the
children of religious parents especially
even just that they didn't have the term
but evangelical Christians and Catholic
immigrants to capture those children and
homogenized them and turn them into
ordinary standard liberal progressive
Americans the goal was to grab the next
generation and mold it in the image of
the northeastern liberal elites and that
has never changed and and it's a it's
taken on other forms in 1935 I think it
was Margaret Sanger founder of Planned
Parenthood which was the ultimate
northeastern liberal progressive
organization she published an article
calling for an American baby code that
in order to have a child you needed a
license from the government and you
needed to reapply every time you wanted
to
and the explicit purpose at Planned
Parenthood had in mind was to prevent
the propagation of unfit children with
hereditary deficiencies and defects such
as hereditary criminality as a joke and
being black of course which is a bad
thing according to people like Margaret
Sanger we don't want those kind of
people and so yeah the government can
step in this is why we have to relearn
the basics John and that's what you're
helping us to do understand what is true
what is right what what are the American
foundational principles because as we
all know the globalist the globalist
elites at places like Harvard they have
dispensed with these things a long time
about a hundred years ago and they've
gotten more and more power to impose
their globalist anti-american
anti-biblical worldview and we really
have to explain what that is so that
those who have some inclination to agree
with us will understand why we think
what we do now in the light of this
proposal which Harvard is putting its
weight behind and remember this is not
just an airy-fairy theoretical thing
they are going to do have this
conference they're going to publish
article they're going to publish a book
and they're going to issue
recommendations and those
recommendations are going to be taken by
members of the left wing Teachers Union
two state legislatures and that it will
be the Harvard plan at the Harvard plan
for saving students for protecting
students from domestic abuse and
domestic violence and and an
indoctrination by hate groups that's how
it will be be peddled and they will pass
it you have a live in a blue state
guarantees they're going to try to
outlaw home schooling in your state in
the next six to twelve months get ready
for it even if you don't homeschool wait
in the next six to twelve months I
strongly suspect so yeah
look how quickly the left is move it
look how fast the left is moving on all
their proposals I don't see the holding
back they've already said I mean look
look at how far look at all Alexandra
Cosmo Cortes look at the squaw
in the House of Representatives the left
in America is getting impatient it's
getting frenzied it smells blood in the
water that's why they're so excited
about this shutdown this is the
suspension of the Constitution is the
best thing that could happen to them
they can rule by decree that can close
churches they can tell you where you can
drive and where you can't these people
are excited they're like the jacobins in
1792 I think in the next six to twelve
months you're going to see proposals in
states like Virginia and Michigan any
state that right now has a total
lockdown of churches but has abortion
clinics open that's the kind of state
they're going to put this anything in
the legislature so I would like to talk
it the greater length I don't know how
much time we have in the segment I would
like to talk about the implications of
this go ahead up til now there's been
kind of a truce between the the the
opinion at fringes the opinion extremes
in America like conservative
evangelicals conservative Catholics
Orthodox Jews we raise our kids the
people who want to take their kids to
drag queens story our or have them
taught safe S&M techniques in high
school by Planned Parenthood has happens
in public schools we have each been
raising our kids and sending them out
into the world so sort of Duke it out
and we hope ours will hold on to our
values they hope they can convert ours
to their values in college but there's
been a kind of truce we're not trying to
take each other's children away because
we think the other group are unfit
parents if you outlaw homeschooling you
are saying there is no escape if you
can't afford a private or religious
school or if the religious school has
already been cut you know control by
government regulations there is no
escape not hang on we are out of time
we're gonna be right back with more
John's Mirek do not go away please folks
I'm talking to John Zamir AK we're
talking about something very very
important I wish it weren't John please
continue talking about how this proposal
is coming out of this Harvard Conference
to end homeschooling in America this is
certainly unconstitutional it is
certainly harmful
to the Republic certainly but you're
giving us some details we've seen this
kind of thing before the state of Oregon
outlawed all private religious education
in the 1920s and took the Supreme Court
to overturn that the impetus to control
what the next generation thinks and
believes and to do it via the government
is a very old one and it usually is on
the progressive social gospel left in
America in American history now insofar
as Harvard is saying homeschooling
should be illegal what happens if you
violate that law you are abusing your
children and you could lose custody okay
so here's the thing we're talking I I've
said this before we're going to see the
the courage of Americans if we do not
understand what it means to keep the
Republic we are now gonna have to fight
to keep the Republic and we're going to
see if people will be willing to be
civilly disobedient in other words it
seems to me that if the government lays
down a law like this which I know to be
wrong I would continue to homeschool my
kids and I would risk being arrested
whatever it is I would get ATF to defend
me if you have enough people willing to
do that then you're going to win if your
hair owns they're going to win Eric I
think that's still too defensive a
strategy we need to try to pass laws
focusing on what the left is doing with
their children they're taking their
children to see sex performers from the
sex industry a drag queen story out as
far as I'm concerned that is child abuse
instead of defending ourselves and
saying oh well homeschooling is not
really child abuse no let's definite say
you the kind of explicit sex education
and sex entertainment you are subjecting
your small children to maybe that should
be grounds for losing custody of your
children it's not doctor punching back I
I think it's time for you to run for
president I'm sick I'm sick and tired of
reading pieces in the stream by John's
mirek I want you to run for president
when you say these kinds of things you
are
dead-on there's nothing about what you
just said that is even slightly wrong or
even premature you are quite right we
ought to be on the on the offensive the
problem that I see John and the reason I
half joke only half joke when I say you
have to run for president is that we
don't seem to have people in leadership
willing to enact these kinds of
common-sense solutions what you said is
a common-sense correct action but we
don't seem to have people in our
leadership class legislators willing to
take the son am I wrong is there anyone
well Donald Trump to some degree has
been punching back not so much on the
cultural issues but there's a reason for
that John John John he's only the
president I had more than one person to
deal with this we there's a reason in it
there's a reason people are afraid to
say things like what I just said that if
you take your kids to drag queen story
our maybe you should lose custody of
your kids the reason is the truce that
was keeping this country together we are
gonna let people raise their own kids
and pass on their own values that truce
has been torn up Harvard and the elites
behind it are tearing that truce up well
they've been doing that for a hundred
years since Dewey I mean that we know
the most extreme this is the most
extreme totalitarian Maoist seizure of
people's children okay this is a whole
new British if you if one half the
country thinks the other half of the
country are unfit parents unfit to raise
their own children you know because
they're taking them to see sex
performers we think they're morally
insane and they're abusing their kids
they think we are abusing our kids by
teaching them to believe in the God of
the Bible
you can't hold a country together like
that for law so in my article at the
stream I talked about how America might
very well end up splitting over issues
like this because the left is no longer
willing to tolerate our existence so one
side or the other is going to convert
the other or the country's going to tear
itself apart as it did in 1860 and in
the article I quote your book seven men
and more men and the work of George
Whitefield how he in bringing the Great
Awakening to America made the
unification of America in 1776 possible
and helped create the national culture
and let us be knit together as one
country instead of thirteen states or
just colonies of Britain we need another
Great Awakening of spiritual Christian
fervor and love of God in America or or
the left is gonna succeed in taking our
children and our rights and our freedom
and our property and our churches away
from as piecemeal and in one generation
we will be just another normal country
like the Netherlands where now there the
government is euthanizing people with
Alzheimer's it'll John it'll be much
worse than that
because you know it's one thing for
Germany to become like this the United
States of America for more than two
centuries has been the beacon of freedom
around the world
your ancestors and mice ancestors looked
across to America as the beacon of
freedom with all of America's problems
America was the beacon of hope and
opportunity and equality and all of
these kinds of things if America goes
down this path that we're talking about
the whole world suffers we are not a
country we are the country that God has
chosen to hold this torch Lincoln called
us God's almost chosen people it's a
burden to lead the world in freedom it
comes with a price we paid the price in
blood and treasure and right now it
seems to me that we are in an
existential battle as we were in 1860 as
we were in 1776 and that people have to
understand that it's a battle they have
to be willing to fight they have to be
willing to spend money and time and
effort everything you're saying you know
I wish somebody listening had had
millions of dollars and said you know
would make a documentary about this or
do something because we do not put out
this kind of information very
effectively we did we don't have the
muscle to get it distributed
we referred to no safe spaces a moment
ago which is a great example it gets
made and then Netflix and Amazon Prime
say we're not gonna air it here we
really need as you say to go on the
offensive we're gonna go to break folks
I have the pleasure of talking to my
friend John Mirek
our website is metaxas talk comm and my
personal website Eric Metaxas comm we'll
be right back with John's Mrak hey folks
welcome back as the Eric Metaxas show I
am talking to our friend John Merrick
about something that is extremely
serious John your article at the stream
first of all we go to stream org
that's right stream org and you talk
about another Great Awakening or what
there are three possible outcomes for
America today where the left thinks
conservative Christians aren't fit to
raise their own children aren't fit to
educate them if they try to home-school
them you'll lose custody the kids will
go into the foster care system we
looking at people who take their kids a
drag queen story our and subject them to
explicit sex education and encourage
them to wonder if they have gender
dysphoria
and then start giving them hormones and
maybe cutting off their breasts for
vetting their puberty doing all sorts of
things that are objectively child abuse
in pursuit of so called transgender
affirmation they don't deserve custody
of their kids if they're going to act
like that in principle the left and the
right in this country increasingly think
the other side are a danger to their own
children and unfit parents that's what
Harvard saying when it wants to ban
homeschooling that's what we're saying
when we're when we're suggesting that
it's wrong and should be criminal to be
giving hormones to 11 year olds because
they think they might be the other sex
each of us right is that absolute odds
there are only three possible outcomes
in a situation like that or in like in
1860 either the country splits up in an
ugly bloody way and I think it'll be
more like the Spanish Civil War than the
Ameri
consider war because it's not neat
geographical boundaries it's red County
next to blue county spread out all
across the country it would not be
pretty I'm not hoping for it but that's
not the worst case scenario the worst
case scenario is that the left simply
wins that they win this upcoming
election they pack the Supreme Court
maybe increase it by adding some more
justices so they can put you know Jesse
Smollett or Michael avenatti on there
thank you and they they do they do two
more states what they did to Virginia
you know Virginia has become a blue
state and they're trying to drive more
conservatives out of the state by
knocking down all the Confederate
statues and all the Civil War monuments
and and infringing on gun laws and
infringing on religious liberty and
making infanticide legal and right now
Ralph Northam is talking about having
the economy locked down for two years
the Constitution's suspended what did
you say he's talking about it on the
lockdown in Virginia lasting for years
until coronavirus is cured or there is a
vaccine the state may never fully reopen
well the line hadn't closed down the
country until we cure death but look
this the left has made it clear this
virus was the Reichstag fire it is an
excuse
it is a pretext for suspending the
Constitution and agglomerating all power
into their own hands and I've got
another article at sorry extreme org 20
November 2020 the Reichstag fire
election we have to see the way the left
has abused their power look at Andrew
Cuomo this is what I'm reading about
today he has locked down his entire
state and in claiming that he has to
save lives and that every life is
precious and he's talking about his old
nun his or his or his mother his elderly
mother and how we we can't be
sacrificing women like her for the sake
of the economy and that's true on the
face of it so why is Cuomo forcing
nursing homes to take Hey
who have the coronavirus back into the
nursing home so they can infect and kill
all the old people in the nursing home
but one group that really needs a
quarantine that really deserves to be
protected and needs the protection old
people in nursing homes he is dumping
coronavirus patients in there you know
when this first started I made sort of a
morbid joke I said the left wants to
send drag queens to spread the mental
illness of gender dysphoria among young
and impressionable children well what
are they gonna do next they're gonna
send coronavirus patients to do
coronavirus story hour at nursing homes
damn if it's just a month and a half and
Cuomo is actually doing that you can't
write satire fast enough before the left
actually exceeds what you imagined at
your most malicious fantasies it's
unconscionable I mean look what you and
I are trying to do is is wake up America
it's time to wake up folks this is the
time to wake up a lot of us have said
well I'm gonna keep my powder dry I'm
gonna keep my nose clean folks it is
time to wake up and to fight whatever
that means
but if you do not understand what is
happening you will not have the courage
to fight you need to understand that
what we're talking about unfortunately
is true a lot of us have seen this
coming but now is the time to stand and
fight and if you are living in a place
where they're imposing absurd lockdowns
you've got to push back I don't know you
know if I had a restaurant where I open
it up I have to say that III think
people are on the verge of doing things
like this and saying all right cops come
and arrest me
because I'm gonna be serving food
outdoors you know come and arrest me I'm
serving hot dogs and hamburgers outdoors
and we're gonna have some social
distancing because I need to make money
I'd like to keep my home and I like to
keep the business open it's been in the
family for three generations do you mind
officer do you mind mr. mayor that's
kind of where we are right now we need
to be thinking in terms of the Reichstag
fire which was a real fire now I'm not
saying the Reichstag didn't burn
okay I'm not saying the coronavirus is
not a real dangerous disease but what
the government did the way they use that
real fire the way the left is using this
real virus is to suspend the
Constitution if you suspend the
Constitution the government has no
legitimacy they're just a bunch of guys
with guns and guess what we have a lot
of guns too I'm sorry you can't suspend
the Constitution indefinitely and keep
moving the goalposts based on what's you
know Bill Gates and George Soros and a
couple of virus experts tell tell each
other behind closed doors it's it's
madness and it's extremely dangerous we
should be quarantined in the vulnerable
we should be setting up hotels pristine
hotels in Florida for any old person or
immunocompromised person who wants to go
there you can live for free we'll give
you a stipend we'll give you free
medical care but we're opening up the
rest of the country so by this date by
July 1 you got you should be locked you
should be in place of one of these free
quarantine signs you'll get cable you'll
get catered food but we need to get the
vulnerable out of harm's way so that
this virus is going to pass through the
whole country everyone is going to be
exposed to this virus at one point or
another there's no getting rid of it at
this point or another break folks we'll
be right back with more John's mirror
right hey the folks welcome back we are
talking boy this is exciting important
disturbing talking to John Samir ak John
we're gonna keep you into the second
hour we've got our friend from ATF
coming on talking about the same thing
and and then I want to well actually
we'll just keep you on into the second
hour because this is too important when
you referred to the Reichstag fire in
case there's anybody who doesn't know if
you have a copy by bahnhof or book I
tell the whole story it's when the
government uses a crisis to take power
that is what has happened to us here now
in America we can see that some of it
was legitimate but that obviously the
temptation is always to take more power
and
Democrats are using quote-unquote
medical experts and so on and so forth
to fearmonger Katie Hopkins was talking
about this in England they have somebody
there I can't think it's Neal not Niall
Neil Ferguson a doctor I put it on
Twitter who has over and over made the
most preposterous predictions he is the
expert to whom they are appealing for
wisdom during this time I assume
something like that is happening here in
America it's always safe to be on the
side of fear-mongering because that way
you say oh well it's a good thing it
didn't happen that's all right
John what else can we talk about you
said well well I've got I've got a piece
another piece of stray org that I
co-wrote with my friend our friend Jason
Jones the pro-life activist and
filmmaker
we must flatten the deadly hunger curve
we're just thinking about what affects
America what affects ourselves and our
businesses and most of the decision
makers and powerful people in this
country are still getting a check
they're still getting they can work from
home they can do zoom meetings you know
the UPS guy can't do is can't work by
zoom the pizza cook can't work by zoom
but bureaucrats and professors can work
by zoom so they're not feeling the pain
as Jason and I point out you know who is
feeling the pain in America it's the
economically most vulnerable the
homeless those who live paycheck to
paycheck people who do day jobs
uber drivers waiters waitresses people
who clean buildings that are now not
needing to be clean because they're not
open there we know their last figure I
heard was 23 million unemployed but it
may have gone up over the weekend
another group of people that's really
heavily affected are people in
developing countries for instance
Ethiopia and Eritrea all over the Horn
of Africa and other places in in
sub-saharan Africa they rely on American
food exports to eat and if we break our
supply chain and we up with
representative Thomas Massey who is a
farmer has warned that
Farms are about to die their slot
they're killing cattle and burning them
the dumping milk in the ground because
we completely we poured sugar in the gas
tank of the American economy
nothing is flowing from one place to
another so they're throwing away milk
and cheese in Wisconsin and people are
going hungry in Kansas we are a few
weeks away from food shortages across
the country in Africa there are a few
weeks away from starvation and when
people starve there's an old saying by
an American novelist it got attributed
to Trotsky we are only just nine missed
meals away from anarchy if people go
hungry for three and a half days they
start to lose it and they start breaking
windows and shooting people remember the
French Revolution was going to be a nice
peaceful reform of the French government
and there was a bread shortage in Paris
within a week the government had
collapsed and you had this nightmare of
slaughter that led to war that killed
maybe ten million people the Russian
Revolution was started by food shortages
in st. Petersburg we're gonna follow
work we're gonna follow up with you in
our - John don't go away folks don't go
away more coming up with John's mirek in
our two very important stuff please
share these videos and audios with your
friends please thank you so much hey
folks I want to recommend a new book to
you that I've recently read entitled
reflections on the existence of God by
Richard E Simmons this book is a
collection of short essays focusing on
life's biggest questions how did we get
here where do we find meaning in life
who determines what is evil and does God
even exist this book is easy to read
because it's divided into a series of
brief essays perfect for a devotional or
discussion with a friend I highly
recommend that you had a copy of
reflections on the existence of God to
your pandemic reading list Simmons also
asks questions that speak directly to
the one most important things you
possess your worldview your worldview as
you know is going to impact the way you
live your life for better or for worse
if you want to challenge yourself to
spiritual and intellectual growth and be
willing to ask yourself life's toughest
questions dive in today and click
below to order your copy of reflections
on the existence of God right now
reflections on the existence of God
check it out very important stuff hey
folks welcome back to the air kimitaka
show this is what we like to call our -
we are legally obliged I've said this
before - call it our - because
technically it comes after our one but
it's perfectly possible for you to
listen to our - first in which case we
still legally have to call it our - but
you know different okay we're talking to
John's miracle we like to call him big
bad John's mirik if you're watching on
video you can see that he's a big bad
nasty dude and he's a friend but he's
our friend so John's mirek which we
talked about in our - well in the piece
that I that we were discussing before at
streamed org
and short of a Great Awakening America
is either going to split or something
worse you know either the pagans are
going to convert the Christians the
Christians are going to convert the
pagans or the whole place is going to
tear apart like Yugoslavia well let me
ask you though we still are a nation of
laws so the question is if we have the
power to enforce our laws doesn't it
seem that we can hold things together
and I'll give you an example like for
example if Trump were to win
overwhelmingly in the fall if we were to
get a house back wouldn't we be able to
you know to hold things together and to
help people see the truth I mean it cuz
I think we're living in such strange
times that I I guess I'm just guessing
that there are enough people that
haven't yet really fully understood
what's at stake and that because of the
crises through which we're living they
have an opportunity through programs
like this and other things to begin to
see some of the things that they've
never been forced to see before yeah I
that is the best-case scenario of course
is Trump winning and keep in taking the
house and appointing actual
constitutionalist to the Supreme Court
instead of less wing activists who went
to law school yeah that would be
wonderful
what if God forbid he loses and he takes
and the Democrats keep the house maybe
take the
Senate and stuff the Supreme Court
that's equally likely your era era
you're bringing up my favorite
conspiracy theory which I invented I
think that Biden because of this very
plausible accusation of sexual assaults
will eventually be pushed out by the
Democratic leaders the question then as
Buckley would say the question becomes
who will replace him now it seems to me
that Hillary Clinton has been waiting
since she was in the womb for this
moment to leap out and to seize control
America will turn its lonely eyes to
Hillary and say oh please please will
you save us from four more years of
prosperity and good leadership and
safety and common sense because we can't
bear it anymore will you save us I think
she would rise to the occasion
my theory I put it out on Twitter is
that she will have to pick a black
female VP and I suggested Rachel Dolezal
is a possibility RuPaul RuPaul
possibility then it's a toss-up in my
mind between Michelle Obama and Betty
White the actress right well in but in
reality I think the Democrats are done
with Hillary and I think they're they've
been clearly look if you want to know
what the DNC thinks look what the
mainstream media does because they're
following their talking points they're
getting their orders every morning
probably by an old fax machine one of
those fax machines that puts out scroll
paper rather than it's plain paper and
it's just rolling out like a parchment
the orders from the DNC each day and no
I'm not kidding I think something like
that is in fact happening and I think
the Democrats have not yet decided to
dump Biden when they do that very day
media will suddenly discover Tara Reid's
allegations are credible overnight
something will happen something will
click and what what Americans won't know
is that the facts rolled in oh now now
listen to Tara Reid and I think the
Democrats would love to get Biden out of
the way and put Andrew Cuomo in his
place and maybe give Larry cave Larry
King
died for example that would be you know
that that could goose the news in the
direction of playing the clip from his
old show which says by the way you know
Google Archives removed that clip it
vanished people started sharing it on
social media and Google purged it from
his archives you're kidding try to find
it you're kidding no just the way
Facebook and Google have a now and
YouTube have announced that no no no
video skeptical of the World Health
Organization can be can be shown just
the way no safe spaces was censored the
movie had hopes that you and I talked
about a few weeks ago was censored
they're becoming increasingly open about
the suspension of the Constitution that
they have used this virus Reichstag fire
to justify and we have to start
screaming about it before it's too late
well I want let me this is a good
opportunity to remind my my viewers and
my listeners that we well if you're
already a viewer you know that most of
these programs are put on YouTube on the
Eric Metaxas show channel not just Eric
when taxes but Eric anaxes show and I
want to ask you please share them folks
we really are at a point where we have
to use what platforms we have you know
I'm not on national TV but that's really
up to you if you share these videos that
you like you share as many as you like
please share them so that others would
hear what we're talking about you know
that the mainstream media and a lot of
conservative media just doesn't cover
some of these kinds of things what we're
talking about right now what we've been
talking about is is one of those things
John I just to go back because it's a
little bit fun and I needed a little
entertainment in the midst of misery
um you say you think everybody's done
with Hillary I agree but I still think
she's not done and I think that as long
as she's not done she will find a way to
insert herself because what she will say
is at this late date
nobody is qualified and trusted enough
I'm the most qualified person ever to
run for president everyone knows that
Obama will get behind me everyone will
get behind me and by the way I will pick
a black female of vice presidential
candidate it'll be an historic ticket to
women how can it go wrong it will go
wrong but I somehow see her waiting in
the wings because I don't know who else
would be tapped do you I believe Andrew
Cuomo I think that the fact is the media
been lionizing him and presenting him as
an alternative president airing his
daily briefings to compete with trunks
on setting him up as the responsible
figure who warned us all in time when in
fact he was blowing off the virus after
Trump was taking it seriously so I think
Andrew Cuomo is their dream candidate
they desperately wanted Mary oklahoma to
run for some reason Mario wouldn't I
suspect there was some FBI files that
might have been leaked if he had done
that I strongly suspect that there was
some nefarious background in the Cuomo
family that prevented that but that's
long ago now this is the next generation
now now it's not
Don Corleone E it's Fredo and in this
case Michael Michael Corleone Andrew is
the Michael coach wasp yeah I don't
think I don't think of Chris Cuomo as as
as Fredo I think of Michael I mean III I
know though I prefer Chris Cuomo to
Andrew Cuomo but that's another story
look you're right right now but this is
the way things work people like it's
it's you know he's the hot guy but that
always vanishes I mean beta O'Rourke was
the hot guy you you've got to think long
term something will happen to disqualify
Cuomo or Hillary Clinton will put out
some dirt on Cuomo I'm sure that there's
that there's a lot um you know it just
seems to me that even though basically I
think you're right let's at least focus
on this for the remaining minute here we
really do think that Biden will be
pushed out that somehow because of this
allegation it's just too ugly and he has
been so I mean if he were doing really
well
somehow they would push it aside but
he's not where I want to be Trump they
would like a conscious functional human
being as their candidate which is often
the aspiration of major political
parties yes so it's kind of it is sad
though when you see him on on these
clips I don't think it's a dementia
issue I just think it Joe Biden is old
and he's just not he just isn't able to
put it together the way he was able to
we're gonna go to break folks
or with John Mirek later in the program
the Alliance defending freedom don't go
away hey folks welcome back we are
talking yes we are talking to John
the situation is me Rach you probably
remember him from the Jersey Shore he's
out of prison and he is my guest on
today's program John the situation how
you doing I'm good thanks Eric I wanted
to talk about peace I've got a stream
guard let me look up the title the virus
nature's revenge or God's punishment for
hubris hubris is something which you as
a Greek would know a lot about it's a
you know when you grow a really huge
mustache that is an example of hubris
right when you overreach when you try to
do reach when you try to do something
beyond you and as a result the gods and
nemesis yeah right Napoleon hubris
Hitler hubris right it's virus Pope
Francis has talked about this might be
you know nature punishing us for our
abuse of the environment and he almost
sounds like some pagan neo-pagan
environmental is talking about Gaia
right surrounded by support by advisers
who believe in Gaia I have a different
theory Steve Mosher of the population
Research Institute the guy who broke the
story to the world about the Chinese
one-child policy back in the 80s that
killed 400 million unborn children
against their parents will Steve Moshe a
China expert as a new book the the bully
of Asia about China the rise of China
how China is arming faster than Hitler
did in the 1930s all aimed at the United
States this virus was created in a lab
not intentionally as a bio weapon it was
created as part of a research program to
where these scientists thought it was a
good idea to make more and more
dangerous viruses to tinker with the DNA
of the viruses to make them super
contagious to human beings and super
deadly why so that they could come up
with maybe vaccines and antidotes and
and cures to the virus but they were do
okay it wasn't just China the United
States was doing this until 2017
under the direction of dr. Anthony Fauci
you
this is called biological warfare and I
guess it becomes an ethical question in
other words if it's okay to develop
Neutron and atom bombs hydrogen bombs
why is it unethical to develop
biological weapons it's not that it's
unethical it settings its unthinkably
stupid why create viruses that might
never evolve in nature so that you could
cure them and then have them in
facilities where you're dependent on no
nobody making a mistake
nobody oversleeping nobody forgetting to
update the software I mean this makes
our nuclear missiles on a hair-trigger
look safe by comparison right okay but
we were doing it till 2017 under Fatty's
direction then found she decided it
wasn't safe but the u.s. let the Chinese
keep doing it and their labs weren't
safe our diplomats last fall we're
sending cables to the US saying you know
these these labs in Wuhan they don't
have their proper safety procedures we
think this is dangerous
sure enough the virus gets out probably
from a scientist in Wuhan China China
denies it when they realize that it's
real that it can go from person to
person they lie about it to the World
Health Organization but they lock down
the province of Wuhan to any travel
inside of China but they let people keep
flying out of Wuhan all around the world
that sounds to me like biological
warfare okay and we should be treating
China as if it had launched a Pearl
Harbor style attack we did we talked
about this last week on the program with
with a few of our guests Diana West said
that the man the French scientist who
discovered the HIV virus he gave an
interview and it exists out there I
think gates of Vienna blog.com or
something had a translation of it where
he says without question that this Wu
Han virus this covent 19 virus is
definitely something created in a lab
there's no way that it just occurred so
we can talk about whether it
is created with nefarious intent I don't
think it was Eric I don't think it was
it was this is an example of crazy
technological hubris just the way our
scientist spent the 50s and 60s 70s and
80s creating enough nuclear weapons to
destroy the human species 500 times over
biologists are creating super viruses as
heute as problems that they can solve
like little chess problems oh let's make
a virus which would kill the entire
world and then let's see if we can cure
it because I'll win a Nobel Prize that's
what's going on okay but let me ask you
it it seems to me more plausible the
Chinese government being the Chinese
government that their thinking was that
they could create a virus to which only
they had the vaccine or the antidote and
so that would be the ultimate biological
warfare weapon possible possible but we
were doing the same thing till three
years ago so it's possible it's possible
they were doing it as a weapon it's
possible we were doing it as a weapon
it's possible that we were all just
doing it as misguided insane
scientific hubris it doesn't really
matter there's no excuse for doing it
there's no excuse for doing but but they
didn't just do it John they did it it
escaped yeah in a forthcoming or
transparent out it they allowed people
from Wuhan to fly outside of China it
seems to me that your article at stream
org saying that this is read China's
Pearl Harbor becomes true and in other
words that this ends up being an act of
war because of what they did after he
decides right and then okay the but the
war continues you have the Atlantic
Monthly saying maybe we need to emulate
China in their censorship of the
Internet
maybe you know we need an authoritarian
government because it will be better at
containing viruses note that at the
Atlantic because you tweeted it this
morning I think who wrote that I did I'd
have to like get off and well somebody
tweeted it we'll look look here's the
point we know that our
our cultural elites in America are lost
they're fools they don't understand any
of this stuff but my question is what do
we do about it nikki Haley who is almost
certainly running for president in 2024
she has put out some very very strong
I think legislation to counter China I
don't remember who was legislation or
Holly senator Holly is doing that
representative masse I believe is doing
that the thing is we have to look at
what our elites are saying they're using
the Chinese virus as a pretext or saying
we need an authoritarian system a lot
more like China's they are there they're
repeating Chinese Communist Party
talking points their networks are partly
owned by Communist China Joe Biden's son
got made a billion dollar deal with the
bank of communist China after flying
there on Air Force two if the Trump
administration if he's still the nominee
the Trump administration is going to
have to use that pinata and beat it till
the last piece of candy falls out of it
because we this is the Reichstag fire
election where instead of the National
Socialist Party the Communist Party of
China is fundamentally what Trump has to
run against because it is what he is
running against these people are
collaborators with the Chinese
government that are attacked the world
and it sounds xenophobic and terrible to
say that well you know what if you have
to every time you criticize the Chinese
government praise Taiwan praise
Singapore praise other Asian countries
that are not evil totalitarian please
everyone who lives in Hong Kong
listen running concentration ants the
time the time is passed there's a
certain time at a war when when when we
no longer should even tolerate the idea
that talking about China is racist
because we are obviously never talking
about the Chinese people they are
prisoners we're talking about the
Chinese government there are over 100
million serious Christians in China who
are being persecuted by their own
government we have a class in this
country that has allied themselves
tremendously foolishly
with with China it's obvious that the
New York Times would believe China
before they would believe the Trump
administration it's obviously that the
Atlantic is parroting parroting these
same ideas that is the horror is that we
have people inside our system who are
working with our worst enemies yep it's
shocking and we have to realize it and
the Trump campaign has to has to press
at home and take it seriously and God
willing he gets reelected and the next
thing we need to do is build up
conservative media we need to have a
streaming service that competes with
Netflix and Amazon that is not censored
by the left
we need conservative comedy shows we
need more colleges like the Kings
College in New York that that resists
this narrative and offer solid education
we need more people being homeschooled
and we need to really rally around our
second Amendment rights because without
a second amendment there's no First
Amendment Eric the next book I'm writing
is on the roots of the Second Amendment
in the struggle of Protestants for
religious liberty especially in England
and in America how the Second Amendment
comes straight out of the battle for
religious liberty for Christians and the
next battle for religious liberty for
Christians will hinge on that I hope you
can write it quickly John because I have
other books that I am going to insist
that you write other books that are at
least equally important to what sounds
like a very very important book we're
out of time
John's Mirek John the situation is
America I should say I had hoped to
bring up the subject of Snooky we'll
have to save that for another time we
will talk to you either later this week
or next week my friend thank you for
being here god bless